To:      megan@hud.ai
Subject: Cleaned and relisted — 5 of 8 pass, and the 3 that fail look like a triage bug

Hi Megan,

I did what you recommended on 5 September: cleaned the PII and uploaded a new listing.
Five of the eight repositories now pass pii_qc_llm. The three that still fail return
evaluator fields saying the review stage did not run, so I would rather show you the
numbers than keep guessing at them.

The new listing is live: https://datavendor.ai/listings/d04a6a03-1276-443f-9460-68f982307651
The earlier ones are archived.

WHAT I REMOVED

None of it cosmetic. Across the eight repositories:

  - A committed WhatsApp Web session store: 378 files, 180 MB, an authenticated browser
    profile with LevelDB records, cache and service-worker data. It had been listed in
    .gitignore since the day it was added, but .gitignore only filters files git has not
    seen yet, so it stayed tracked and invisible in every clone.
  - Runtime state keyed by real subscriber ids: trial records, session files, analytics
    and onboarding data in both EspaLuz repositories.
  - 19 customer voice recordings — real users speaking to the Spanish tutor — along with
    the bot's generated replies, committed as files.
  - A customer's PayPal subscription id, payer address and name, hardcoded in a webhook
    test fixture.
  - 23 files of private correspondence with a payments vendor.
  - Seven resume PDFs. Your check reads PDFs; my own scanner skipped them as binary and
    reported zero, which is how they survived three earlier passes.
  - Advertiser contact details captured verbatim inside ad copy, plus a redaction step
    added to my weekly capture job so they cannot come back. That job ran this morning
    and produced zero new emails and zero new phone numbers.
  - Two live credentials your check did not flag, which I found myself while looking: a
    hardcoded shared secret and an inbound webhook URL. Both are in the environment now.
    I mention it because it cuts both ways — a passing PII check is not the same thing
    as a clean repository.

THE THREE THAT STILL FAIL

The evaluator block on each of them, from today's run:

  "triage_applied": false
  "rows_judged": 0
  "rows_rejected": 0
  "findings_cleared": 0
  "review_coverage": { "worklist_reach": 1, "triage_coverage": 0 }

And on ElenaRevicheva/AIPA_AITCF-licensed specifically:

  "rows_offered": 24                  <- 24 rows offered to the reviewer
  "rows_judged": 0                    <- none judged
  "placeholder_findings_total": 132
  "findings_cleared": 0               <- none of those 132 placeholders cleared
  "findings_remaining_by_provenance": { "pattern": 5, "heuristic": 1, "validated": 0 }

Nothing is "validated". Every remaining finding is a raw pattern or heuristic hit.

The same check on 6 September, on ElenaRevicheva/EspaLuzWhatsApp, returned:

  "triage_applied": true
  "rows_judged": 29
  "rows_rejected": 16
  "findings_cleared": 48

with the summary line "QC review rejected 48 detector finding(s) as false positives".

So yesterday the reviewer cleared 48 items on one repository, and today it judged zero
rows on three.

ONE OF THOSE FINDINGS IS MINE, AND I WILL OWN IT

ElenaRevicheva/atlas-captures reports 44 IBAN findings. That repository is two files and
holds no bank details of any kind. The matches are Meta Ad Library ids — 15-digit public
identifiers — which I had briefly prefixed with "id" while trying to stop them
registering as phone numbers. "ID" is Indonesia's ISO country code, so the prefix gave
every one of them the shape of an IBAN. My mistake, reverted the same hour.

It is also a fair illustration of the problem below. I only discovered it by reading the
report, because I have no way to know in advance what the detector will object to.

TWO QUESTIONS, AND THEY DECIDE WHAT I DO NEXT

1. Does a failing repository block only itself, or the whole listing?

   Your note on 5 September said "if the repo failed PII check, it cannot be sell" —
   repo, not listing. If only the repository is blocked, the five that pass are already
   matchable and I will leave the listing as it stands. If the whole listing is blocked,
   I will split the five passing repositories into their own listing today and hold the
   other three back until this is resolved. I would rather ask you than rebuild on a
   guess.

2. Could you send the per-repo findings with the actual values or file locations, the
   way you did on 5 September?

   The report gives me types and counts but never a location. I have been inferring the
   detectors from counts alone, and it has cost me four rounds: I removed things that
   were not the problem, and twice replaced a real value with a placeholder the detector
   counted just as readily. One list from you is worth more than another week of that.

SOMETHING THAT MAY BE USEFUL TO YOU

Re-attaching an asset does not refresh its stored snapshot. After I cleaned the files,
the check still reported "314x <no_ext>, 8x .ldb" for a repository whose default branch
held 136 files and none of those. Detaching the asset and adding it back changed
nothing. Only building a brand-new listing produced a fresh capture.

That is why there are four listings in my account. Not indecision — it was the only
mechanism I could find that worked.

STILL OUTSTANDING ON YOUR SIDE

The earliest uploads still hold the two database credentials I described above. They are
rotated now, but rotation does not remove copies. Could you purge or quarantine those
snapshots?

I will act on whatever the finding list says the same day it arrives. My HUD estimator
point of $89,481 stays open for the package conversation once the quality side is
settled.

Best regards,

Elena Revicheva, AIdeazz Founder

+507 616 66 716
WhatsApp https://wa.me/50761666716
Telegram https://t.me/ElenaRevicheva
https://aideazz.xyz/portfolio
