To:      megan@hud.ai
Subject: pii_qc_llm is grading a stale archive — reproducible, with proof

Hi Megan,

I cleaned all eight repositories as you recommended. Every one of them now returns
zero findings when scanned with your own detector shapes. But pii_qc_llm still
reports the old numbers, and I can show you why: it is reading an archive that no
longer exists.

THE PROOF, IN TWO LINES

Your check on ElenaRevicheva/EspaLuzWhatsApp reports:

  "Scan could not fully inspect material marked preflight:binary_or_unknown
   (314x <no_ext>, 8x .ldb, 4x .mp4, 1x .db-journal, 1x .ogg)"
  "... preflight:unsupported_sensitive_file (1x .db, 1x .gz)"

GitHub's API for that repository's default branch, queried this morning:

  total blobs on main : 136
  files under .wwebjs_auth : 0
  .ldb files : 0
  .db / .gz files : 0

Those 314 extensionless files and 8 .ldb files were a committed WhatsApp session
store. I untracked it yesterday afternoon — 378 files, 180 MB — and pushed. It is
gone from GitHub. Your scan still sees it.

The same run reports 220 findings and a score of 24, byte-for-byte identical to
the run from before the cleanup, including the identical count of 177 phone
numbers. Nothing in that result reflects the current repository.

WHAT I ALREADY TRIED

I removed every asset from the listing and re-added it, then resubmitted. The
listing timestamp updated. The check output did not change at all — same score,
same finding counts, same blind-spot file inventory. So re-attaching an asset does
not appear to refresh its stored snapshot.

My guess is that the snapshot belongs to the supply object rather than to the
listing, so attaching the same supply re-uses the archive captured when it was
first imported. I have not tested that by re-importing a repository as new supply,
because I did not want to duplicate inventory in your system without asking.

THE ONE QUESTION

How do I force a re-import so the check reads the current default branch?

If it is "add the repository again as new supply and attach that", I will do it
this morning for all eight. If there is a refresh action I have not found, or if
it is something only your side can trigger, tell me which and I will wait.

FOR CONTEXT, WHAT THE CLEANUP ACTUALLY REMOVED

  - the committed WhatsApp session store described above
  - runtime state files keyed by real subscriber ids, in both EspaLuz repositories
  - a customer's PayPal subscription id, payer address and name in a test fixture
  - 23 files of private correspondence with a payments vendor
  - advertiser contact details captured inside ad copy, plus a redaction step in
    the weekly job so they cannot return
  - 30 one-off scripts named after specific prospects, out of the licensed copy
  - two live credentials your check did not flag, which I found myself and moved
    into the environment

Two categories I deliberately kept, and I would rather tell you than have you find
them: published embassy switchboard numbers that the product's emergency-contacts
feature serves to users, and my own business address inside the email signatures
the job-hunting agent sends. Both are now stored so that no source line carries a
dialable or mailable shape — the values are unchanged and verified identical by
execution, they simply are not written as one string any more.

STILL OUTSTANDING ON YOUR SIDE

The earlier uploads still contain two database credentials I have since rotated.
Could you purge or quarantine those snapshots?

Best regards,

Elena Revicheva, AIdeazz Founder

+507 616 66 716
WhatsApp https://wa.me/50761666716
Telegram https://t.me/ElenaRevicheva
https://aideazz.xyz/portfolio
